[Music]
to create a story first open your Chrome
browser and log into Cutting
Room once you have logged in create a
new story by clicking on the new story
button here you will be prompted to
title the project and set the frame rate
to open an existing story hover over the
thumbnail of a video and click edit
story you can change the title of
stories by clicking on the existing
title at the top of the screen
to delete a story go to the homepage
click on the three dots icon where you
will see the option to delete the story
confirm the delete action in the pop-up
dialogue box and the story will
disappear from your workspace
[Music]